Finally, the business users will typically want to slice,
dice, roll up, and drill-down all the time,
and really ad hoc,
and without knowing initially which green they want
to deal with or which subtotal they want to get or which grouping they intend to do.
So, actually in general,
one will do select star group by,
we produce a cube.
But there's also a SQL in most databases which support OLAP operations.
There is a group by cube statement,
and then we put movie, branch,
and month, and shall we do only group by,
we are going to get the grouping by the movie,
the branch, and the month.
However, when we do cube,
we're going to do one pass through the facts table,
and we will aggregate all possible combinations.
So, for the revenue,
we're going to go, and say zero groupings,
just sum everything together and tell me the total revenue,
and then let's see by each possible single grouping.
So, if I grouped only by each movie,
what would be the revenue of each movie or what is the revenue
of each branch or what's the revenue of each month?
Then we take that revenue,
all the possible revenues if we group by two dimensions.
So, I would say for every movie and branch, what was the revenue,
and for each combination of branch and months,
what's the revenue and so forth, and finally,
we would get the movie, branch,
month also which was actually the original one,
we would get by doing a group by only.
Saving the output of this,
of all the combinations of subtotals or all the possible grouping lengths,
and possibly materializing this,
the output of that cube,
and starts using it for slicing, and dicing,
and roll-up is actually enough to answer
almost all forthcoming aggregations or the standard ones,
the ones that could be actually anticipated from business users without having to process
the whole fact stable each time someone comes with a grouping in an ad hoc fashion.